add new fusion landing page (#8045)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_fusion_availability.md

| --- | --- | --- | --- | 
| <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> |- [<Constant name="cloud_ide" />](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud)<br/ >- [<Constant name="visual_editor" />](/docs/cloud/canvas)<br />- [dbt VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt)| <Constant name="dbt_platform" /><br /> <Constant name="core" />  | - Fast, reliable compilation, static analysis, validation, and job execution. <br /> - Visual and interactive features like autocomplete, inline errors, live CTE previews, lineage, and more.<br />- To upgrade, see [Upgrade to <Constant name="fusion" />](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#dbt-fusion-engine). |
| VS Code or Cursor | [dbt VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt) | <Constant name="dbt_platform" /><br /> <Constant name="core" />  |- Fast, reliable compilation, static analysis, validation, and job execution.<br /> - Visual and interactive features like autocomplete, inline errors, live CTE previews, lineage, and more. |

> | <Constant name="core" /> local |- [Fusion CLI](/docs/fusion/install-fusion-cli)<br />-  [dbt VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt)  |  <Constant name="dbt_platform" /><br /> <Constant name="core" />  | - Fusion CLI: Provides <Constant name="fusion"/> performance benefits, such as faster performance, parsing, and execution (like `parse`, `compile`, `build`, and `run`) but _doesn't include_ the visual [features](/docs/dbt-extension-features) available in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> or VS Code extension (such as autocomplete, hover insights, lineage, and more).<br /><br />- VS Code extension: Comes with <Constant name="fusion"/> performance benefits, as well as those visual features when developing locally. |

Author: i haven't included the dbt CLI - not sure if that's supported yet

:::info Not sure where to start?
Try out the [<Constant name="fusion" /> quickstart](/guides/fusion) and check out the [<Constant name="fusion" /> migration guide](/docs/dbt-versions/core-upgrade/upgrading-to-fusion) to see how to migrate your project.
:::

> <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> powers dbt development everywhere — in the [<Constant name="dbt_platform" />](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#dbt-fusion-engine), [VS Code/Cursor](/docs/about-dbt-extension), and [locally](/docs/fusion/install-fusion-cli). <Constant name="fusion"/> in the <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> is available in private preview. Contact your account team for access. <Lifecycle status="private_preview" />

Reviewer: This seems out of place at the end of the section
```suggestion
<Constant name="fusion_engine" /> powers dbt development everywhere — in the [<Constant name="dbt_platform" />](/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-dbt-version-in-cloud#dbt-fusion-engine), [VS Code/Cursor](/docs/about-dbt-extension), and [locally](/docs/fusion/install-fusion-cli). <Constant name="fusion"/> in the <Constant name="dbt_platform"/> is available in private preview. Contact your account team for access. 
```

> Features vary by environment. Whether you’re new to dbt or already set up, check out the following table to see which Fusion-friendly tools you can use and what’s available where.

Reviewer: We might want to avoid this term here so it doesn't get confused with cloud environments
```suggestion
Features vary depending on how Fusion is implemented. Whether you’re new to dbt or already set up, check out the following table to see which Fusion-friendly features you can use.
```

<!-- table 1 for orientation (“Which tool should I use?”)-->

> | <div style={{width:'220px'}}>Environment</div> | <div style={{width:'250px'}}>Tools you can use</div> | <div style={{width:'200px'}}>Who can use it?</div>  | <div style={{width:'250px'}}>Features available</div> |

Reviewer: What is the differentiator between tools and features here? For local setups, there's duplicates between the two. It might be beneficial to label "tools" as "features" and "features" as "solutions" and remove "environments" so it doesn't get confused with dev/staging/production. I've made some suggestions further down that might help distinguish these sections
```suggestion
|  | <div style={{width:'250px'}}>Tools you can use</div> | <div style={{width:'200px'}}>Who can use it?</div>  | <div style={{width:'250px'}}>Solutions available</div> |
```

Author: i like your suggestions! what about keeping tools and changing to solutions for the last column

| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | **<Constant name="dbt_platform" />**<br /> <small>with <Constant name="fusion" /> or <Constant name="core" /> engine </small> | - [<Constant name="visual_editor" />](/docs/cloud/canvas)<br />- [<Constant name="query_page" />](/docs/explore/navigate-dbt-insights#lsp-features) <br />- [<Constant name="cloud_ide" />](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud)<br />- [dbt VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt)<br /><small>(VS Code or Cursor)</small>| - <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> users | - **<Constant name="fusion_engine" />**: Rust-based engine that delivers fast, reliable compilation, analysis, validation, state awareness, and job execution with [visual LSP features](/docs/fusion/supported-features#features-and-capabilities) like autocomplete, inline errors, live previews, and lineage, and more.<br /><br />- **<Constant name="core" />**: Delivers traditional workflows with the Python-based <Constant name="core" /> engine. Does not include visual LSP features like autocomplete, lineage, live CTE previews, and so on. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **<Constant name="dbt_platform" />**<br /> <small>with <Constant name="fusion" /> or <Constant name="core" /> engine </small> | - [<Constant name="visual_editor" />](/docs/cloud/canvas)<br />- [<Constant name="query_page" />](/docs/explore/navigate-dbt-insights#lsp-features) <br />- [<Constant name="cloud_ide" />](/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/develop-in-the-cloud)<br />- [dbt VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt)<br /><small>(VS Code or Cursor. Fusion only.)</small>| - <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> users with a developer or analyst license <br /> - Anyone getting started with dbt <br />  | - **<Constant name="fusion_engine" />**: Rust-based engine that delivers fast, reliable compilation, analysis, validation, state awareness, and job execution with [visual LSP features](/docs/fusion/supported-features#features-and-capabilities) like autocomplete, inline errors, live previews, and lineage, and more.<br /><br />- **<Constant name="core" />**: Delivers traditional workflows with the Python-based <Constant name="core" /> engine. Does not include visual LSP features like autocomplete, lineage, live CTE previews, and so on. |
```

> | **Local environment** <br /><small>with Fusion</small>| - [dbt VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt)<br /><small>(VS Code or Cursor)</small> <br />- [Fusion CLI](/docs/fusion/install-fusion-cli) | - <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> users<br />- <Constant name="core" /> users  | - **VS Code extension:** Combines <Constant name="fusion"/> performance with visual features when developing locally.<br /><br />- **Fusion CLI:** Provides <Constant name="fusion"/> performance benefits (faster parsing, compilation, execution) but _does not include_ [visual LSP features](/docs/fusion/supported-features#features-and-capabilities) like live CTE previews, lineage, and so on. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Self-hosted Fusion** | - [dbt VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbtLabsInc.dbt)<br /><small>(VS Code or Cursor)</small> <br />- [Fusion CLI](/docs/fusion/install-fusion-cli) | - <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> users<br />- <Constant name="core" /> users on a [supported adapter](/docs/fusion/supported-features#requirements)  | - **VS Code extension:** Combines <Constant name="fusion"/> performance with visual features when developing locally.<br /><br />- **Fusion CLI:** Provides <Constant name="fusion"/> performance benefits (faster parsing, compilation, execution) but _does not include_ [visual LSP features](/docs/fusion/supported-features#features-and-capabilities) like live CTE previews, lineage, and so on. |
```

> | **Local environment** <br /><small>with dbt Core</small>| - [dbt CLI (Core)](/docs/core/installation-overview) | - <Constant name="core" /> users<br />  | Uses the Python-based <Constant name="core" /> engine for traditional workflows. Does not include [visual features](/docs/fusion/supported-features#features-and-capabilities) like live CTE previews, lineage, and so on.<br /><br /> To use these features, [install <Constant name="fusion" />](/docs/fusion/install-fusion). |

Author: ```suggestion
| **Local environment** <br /><small>with dbt Core</small>| - [dbt CLI (Core)](/docs/core/installation-overview) | - <Constant name="core" /> users<br />  | Uses the Python-based <Constant name="core" /> engine for traditional workflows. Does not include [visual features](/docs/fusion/supported-features#features-and-capabilities) like live CTE previews, lineage, and so on.<br /><br /> To use these features locally, install [the VS Code extension](/docs/fusion/install-dbt-extension) or [Fusion CLI](/docs/fusion/install-fusion). |
```

> | **Local environment** <br /><small>with dbt Core</small>| - [dbt CLI (Core)](/docs/core/installation-overview) | - <Constant name="core" /> users<br />  | Uses the Python-based <Constant name="core" /> engine for traditional workflows. Does not include [visual LSP features](/docs/fusion/supported-features#features-and-capabilities) like live CTE previews, lineage, and so on.<br /><br /> To use the <Constant name="fusion"/> features locally, install [the VS Code extension](/docs/fusion/install-dbt-extension) or [Fusion CLI](/docs/fusion/install-fusion). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Self-hosted dbt Core** | - [dbt Core CLI](/docs/core/installation-overview) | - <Constant name="core" /> users<br /> - Anyone getting started with dbt   | Uses the Python-based <Constant name="core" /> engine for traditional workflows. Does not include [visual LSP features](/docs/fusion/supported-features#features-and-capabilities) like live CTE previews, lineage, and so on.<br /><br /> To use the <Constant name="fusion"/> features locally, install [the VS Code extension](/docs/fusion/install-dbt-extension) or [Fusion CLI](/docs/fusion/install-fusion). |
```
